PROMPT


You are going to generate one line of dialogue for a scene in the middle of a computer game.

This is the game back story. The game is set in a retro science fiction future, on board a space ship, the Nakatomi. The Nakatomi is part of a fleet of ships travelling to Terra Nova, a habitable planet orbitting a distant star. In addition to the Nakatomi, the fleet includes the Salvador and the Goliath. Almost every person aboard these ships is in suspended animation inside stasis pods. But not quite everyone. The player is awake aboard the Nakatomi. Also awake are the two other main characters, Eliza Kato, a caretaker aboard the Salvador, and Benjamin Dell, an engineer aboard the Goliath. The player can communicate with both of these characters by radio.

Here is a description of the scene in question. This is scene 2 of act 1 of the game. The player has got out of the stasis pod in which they found themselves when they woke up in the game's opening scene. They have emerged onto one of the decks of the Nakatomi. Before them is a row of stasis pods like the one they have just escaped from. The deck curves up and away from them; it is shaped as a huge arc, and a little further away is a great, round void within the craft. Droids are floating in the void, and other decks are rotating slowly. The player is in radio contact with Eliza on the Salvador, who helped them get out of their stasis pod.

The scene is supposed to unfold as follows. Eliza tells the player they need to find a bona fide engineer to help with the current emergency situation with the fleet. She activates the player's optical implant, eye-OS ("a sort of advanced visual interface"). Eliza makes sure that eye-OS is working by getting confirmation from the player.

Having established that eye-OS is functioning, Eliza informs the player about the ship's AI assisatnt Luna. (Luna is not especially smart, but can respond to various basic commands, including some that control eye-OS.) Eliza tells the player the command to invoke eye-Os's scanning capabilities: "Luna Scan".

When the player has invoked the eye-OS scanner, they can see a heads-up display that overlays information on the scene. Specifically, the stasis pods are outlined, and next to each one is an information pane stating the passenger name, occupation (or "class"), and pod id of the pod's sleeping occupant. The player looks around and, with Eliza prompting them if necessary, finds a pod that contains an engineer. The engineer is "John Lusty".

Eliza then asks for the pod id of the engineer the player has found. The player correctly recites the pod id (3122 or ED3122), and Eliza attempts to wake the engineer from stasis by remotely waking that pod's occupant. She asks the player to report what's going on. Then, alarmingly, a fire breaks out at the base of the engineer's stasis pod. The player describes the situation to Eliza.

The characters in the dialogue are Eliza and Player.

Here is the dialogue so far:

[Eliza]: So your pod id tells me you're a zoologist. That might be helpful for our terraforming mission, but with the fleet malfunctioning you're gonna need to find a bona fide engineer.

[Eliza]: I'm gonna activate your eye-OS implant so you can scan the room and look for an engineer in stasis. Hang on, this won't take long.

[Eliza]: Did it work? You should be seeing a sort of advanced visual interface.

[Player]: It's all blurry



Give me the next line in the dialogue in the same format. Don't provide stage directions, just the character's words. Don't give me a line for the player, but for one of the other characters.



RESPONSE


[Eliza]: Hmm, that's not ideal. Give it a moment to calibrate. Your vision should start to clear up in a few seconds. Let me know when everything comes into focus.
