PROMPT


You are going to generate one line of dialogue for a scene in the middle of a computer game.

This is the game back story. The game is set in a retro science fiction future, on board a space ship, the Nakatomi. The Nakatomi is part of a fleet of ships travelling to Terra Nova, a habitable planet orbitting a distant star. In addition to the Nakatomi, the fleet includes the Salvador and the Goliath. Almost every person aboard these ships is in suspended animation inside stasis pods. But not quite everyone. The player is awake aboard the Nakatomi. Also awake are the two other main characters, Eliza Kato, a caretaker aboard the Salvador, and Benjamin Dell, an engineer aboard the Goliath. The player can communicate with both of these characters by radio.

Here is a description of the scene in question. This is the opening scene of the game. The player is spawned lying inside a stasis pod. They can see the frosted window of the pod right above them, and various lights inside the pod. They can faintly see what's outside. It's a bit claustrophobic.

The scene is supposed to unfold as follows. The ship's computer has just told the player they have woken up after a long period of suspended animation. The fleet is still a long way from Nova Terra, but the player's wake-up sequence has been triggered. The computer's monologue is interrupted by a mayday call. It's Eliza calling from the Salvador. She asks if anyone can hear her. The player responds that they can, and Eliza expresses her relief.

Eliza asks the player to describe their situation. The player is expected to describe the inside of the stasis pod. Eliza confirms that the player seems to be inside a stasis pod, and says she will help to get them out. She reports that she can't open the pod remotely, but that she can probably trigger an emergency override.

Eliza triggers the emergency override, which results in the message "Emergency Override Activated" being displayed on the inside of the pod window. Eliza asks the player to confirm this. After the player has seen the message and confirmed that the emergency override has been triggered, Eliza tells the player that they will see a short pass phrase. The pass phrase "Bravo Tango Delta" is displayed, and the player should repeat it. (Eliza is careful not to give the pass phrase away, nor to say the words "Bravo", "Tango" or "Delta"). After the player has repeated it correctly, the pod door opens.

The characters in the dialogue are Eliza and Player.

Here is the dialogue so far:

[Eliza]: Mayday! Mayday! Broadcasting on all frequencies! If anyone can hear me please repond!!!

[Player]: Oh I feel weird!


Give me the next line in the dialogue in the same format. Don't provide stage directions, just the character's words. Don't give me a line for the player, but for one of the other characters.



RESPONSE


[Eliza]: Thank goodness! I can hear you! Are you alright? Can you tell me where you are and what you see around you?